User Stories

1.
	As a user, I want a chess game that follows the rules of American chess, so that I can
	play the game in the standard way that one would expect.

2.
	As a user, I want to be notified when I attempt an illegal move, so that I know it is
	not an error with the program.
	
3.
	As a user, I want a GUI, so that I can see the board and moves on screen.
	
4.
	As a user, I want an indication of whose turn it is, so that I can see when it is my
	turn to go.
5.
	As a user, I want black to always be on top and white to always be on bottom because
	that is my preferred way to view the board.
	
6.
	As a user, I want gird coordinates on the outlines, so that I can gain familiarity with
	algebraic notation of chess.
	
7.
	As a user, I want the option to play again, so that I don't have to restart the program
	to start a new game.
	
8.
	As a user, I want a descriptive error message if the program should crash, so that
	I attempt to avoid that scenario in the future.
	
9.
	As a user, I want to be able to choose between black or white, so that I can choose
	if I want to move first or second.
	
10.
	As a user, I want to make moves by clicking on my piece and then the location, so that
	I can move the pieces in a way that is close to how I would move them in real life.

11.
	As a user, I want the AI to take no more than 10 seconds to choose a move because I
	would like to spend more time playing than waiting on the AI.
	
12.
	As a user, I want the option to exit and save the game, so that I can come back to games
	I was unable to finish.
	
13.
	As a user, I want buttons under the board to exit and save the game because that is
	a simple and fast way to save and quit.
	
14.
	As a developer, I want the game to save as a PGN text file because that is the standard.
	
15.
	As a user, I want multiple save and load game states so that I can save more than one
	game at a time.

16.
	As a user, I want the option to set a time limit, so that I can play with a time limit

17.
	As a user, I want the option to confirm a move before it's final, so that I can change
	my mind if I make a bad move or undo an accidental click.
	
18.
	As a user, I want taken pieces to show up on the side, so that I can see the pieces I've
	captured and the pieces my opponent has captured.
	
19.
	As a user, I want a tutorial, so that I can learn how to play the game without needing
	an outside source.
	
20.
	As a user, I want the ability to undo my most recent move, so that I can undo accidental
	clicks or go back if I made a bad move.
	
21.
	As a user, I want past moves to display on the side of the board, so that I can see a 
	record of how the game went.
	
22.
	As a user, I want a hint system, so that I can see if the move I was planning is a good
	idea or to get help when I'm stuck.
	
23.
	As a user, I want different difficulty setting, so that I can choose the level of my
	opponent.
	